Add specs for KeccakSponge (#1366)
0xPolygonZero/plonky2: evm/spec/tables/keccak-sponge.tex

\subsection{KeccakSponge}
\label{keccak-sponge}

This table computes the Keccak256 hash, a sponge-based hash built on top of the Keccak-f[1600] permutation. An instance of KeccakSponge takes as input a Memory address $a$,
a length $l$, and computes the Keccak256 digest of the memory segment starting at $a$ and of size $l$. An instance can span many rows, each individual row being a single call to
the Keccak table. Note that all the read elements must be bytes; the proof will be unverifiable if this is not the case. Following the Keccak specifications, the input string is padded to the next multiple of 136 bytes. 

In the current implementation, the constant values are:
\begin{itemize}
    \item \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_BYTES} = 136
    \item \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_U32S} = 34
    \item \texttt{KECCAK\_CAPACITY\_U32S} = 16
    \item \texttt{KECCAK\_DIGEST\_BYTES} = 32
    \item \texttt{KECCAK\_WIDTH\_MINUS\_DIGEST\_U32S} = 42

> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: Not sure this is super meaningful? That's just the specs of Keccak, and the length conversion from say u32 to byte is pretty straightforward on its own

Each row contains the following columns:
\begin{itemize}
    \item Read bytes:
        \begin{itemize}
            \item 3 address columns: \texttt{context}, \texttt{segment} and the offset \texttt{virt} of $a$.
            \item \texttt{timestamp}: the timestamp which will be used for all memory reads of this instance.
            \item \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes}: keeps track of how many bytes have been hashed in the current instance. At the end of an instance, we should have absorbed $l$ bytes in total.
            \item \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_BYTES} \texttt{block\_bytes} columns: the bytes being absorbed at this row. They are read from memory and will be XORed to the rate part of the current state.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Input columns:
    \begin{itemize}

>         \item \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_U32S} \texttt{original\_rate\_u32s} columns: holds the rate part of the state before XORing it with \texttt{block\_bytes}. At the beginning of an instance, it's initialized with 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        \item \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_U32S} \texttt{original\_rate\_u32s} columns: hold the rate part of the state before XORing it with \texttt{block\_bytes}. At the beginning of an instance, they are initialized with 0.
```

Reviewer: same below for multiple columns chunks

        \item \texttt{xored\_rate\_u32s} is \texttt{original\_rate\_u32s} XOR \texttt{block\_bytes}.
        \item The CTL with Keccak ensures that (\texttt{updated\_digest\_state\_bytes columns}, \texttt{partial\_updated\_state\_u32s}) is the Keccak permutation output of (\texttt{xored\_rate\_u32s}, \texttt{original\_capacity\_u32s}).
    \end{itemize}
    \item at the first row:
    \begin{itemize}
        \item \texttt{original\_rate\_u32s} is all 0.
        \item \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes} is 0.
    \end{itemize}
    \item at each full input row (i.e. \texttt{is\_full\_input\_block} is 1, all \texttt{is\_final\_input\_len} columns are 0):
    \begin{itemize}
        \item \texttt{context}, \texttt{segment}, \texttt{virt} and \texttt{timestamp} are unchanged in the next row.
        \item Next \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes} is current \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes} + \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_BYTES}.
        \item Next (\texttt{original\_rate\_u32s}, \texttt{original\_capacity\_u32s}) is current (\texttt{updated\_digest\_state\_bytes columns}, \texttt{partial\_updated\_state\_u32s}).

>         \item The CTL with Memory ensures that \texttt{block\_bytes} is filled with memory elements [$a$ + \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes}, $a$ + \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes} + \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_BYTES} - 1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        \item The CTL with Memory ensures that \texttt{block\_bytes} is filled with contiguous memory elements [$a$ + \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes}, $a$ + \texttt{already\_absorbed\_bytes} + \texttt{KECCAK\_RATE\_BYTES} - 1]
```
